Sunday 2/24/14 10AM-12PM

We met with our group today and wrote stories for Genetic Programming.
We wrote three stories in pivotal tracker and tried to discuss the project.

Tuesday 2/25/14 7-7:30PM

We met as a group to discuss new project ideas because none of us can
grasp the idea of Genetic Programming. This will be our third project
change.

Wednesday 2/26/14

Talked to Dr.Ribler about the group's discussion to change topics again.
Was told to pick a new project and focus on pair programming and test-
driven development.

Thursday 2/27/14 1-2:15PM

We decided as a group to start creating a Solitaire game as a new project.
We wrote a few stories in pivotal tracker, and the three of us began
writing some tests together.

Sunday 3/2/14 11AM-12PM

We met as a group to edit some of our stories we'd created in class, and
to break some down as tasks. We did a bit more pair programming and creating
of tests.

Wednesday 3/5/14 7PM-8:20

We officially began our journal. Programmed as a pair for solitaire. We did
not get far because we created vectors in our program and then decided to
change everything to a more convenient array in our add function.

Thursday 3/6/14 11:30AM-12PM

We've been asked to change our project from being written in C++ to C#. Hannah
gave me an article explaining the differences between the two languages, so
we reviewed the article, discussed the new stories she'd made with Dr.Ribler
this morning, and broke some into tasks.

Thursday 3/6/14 7:30-9:30

We worked on trying to get our Visual Studios files onto git. We're having a very difficult
time figuring out how to use github and git. We tried downloading new updates to
Visual Studios, practiced using the Powershell, tried "cloning" our repository
to our desktop, etc.

Monday 3/10/14 2-5PM

Spent a few minutes recording our previously hand-written journal onto a file we can
put into git. Then we spent some time trying to get our journals on github. We updated
and created story points on pivotal tracker, and decided what our task was to work
on today. Worked on the Deck class together using test-driven development.

Wednesday 3/12/14 1-2:30PM

Researched some differences between C# and C++ online, because I'm having difficulty 
with the difference.

Tuesday 3/18/14 5-7PM

Continued to read up on C#. Coding is going very slowly because of the lack of knowledge
of C#. Cannot figure out how to add things to an array correctly. 

Wednesday 3/19/14 8-9:30PM

Spent a good half hour trying to figure out how to open any of our code that we had saved
on git. Tried to do some more testing and pair programming tonight once we got to our code.
Finding the differences between C# and C++ to be confusing. A lot of failed tests run, but
not a lot of good tests accomplished.

Thursday 3/20/14 2:15PM-3:15PM

Spent time after class trying to put all the individual 52 cards into a deck. Movement
was very slow. Dr.Ribler gave us some pointers on how to cast so we could use the enumerators.

same day 7:30PM-8:45PM

Tried to test the newly created deck, and tried to test our print function. Our print function
is also a test to see if all the cards are filling into the deck properly. Next step is 
creating the shuffle function so we can print the deck out and see the difference after it
has been shuffled. 

Friday 3/21/14 5PM-6:30PM

Spent some time reading more in the C# book. Contemplated changing the data structures we're
using for our program. Also, we learned about interfaces the other day, and so tried to
think out how we could add something like that into our program. Not sure if it's appropriate.

Sunday 3/23/14 3PM-4PM

Worked some more on trying to print out the Deck once the Cards have been loaded into it. Still
not getting anywhere.

Wednesday 3/26/14 3:30-5PM

Spent time working on the Deck class with an ArrayList, tried using IEnumerator, tried
to print out the Deck class. The Deck doesn't seem to be storing Cards no matter what I do.

Thursday 3/27/14 7:20-820PM

Turns out that the deck is storing cards. Hannah had it printing out earlier on a different 
machine. Who knows why it wasn't working for me yesterday. We worked on a swap function
to try to do the shuffle function again, but just like the other day it says we cannot reach
what is in our array. I found on pg.292 in the C# book how to write the IEnumerator class, 
which I believe is an interface, and it looks like that is exactly what I was trying to
write the other day. I'll continue writing that in the morning.

Friday 3/28/14 10:30 - 11:20

Tried to write the IEnumerator using the IEnumerable interface, but it still will not allow me 
to call a certain index of our array so writing the thing may have been pointless. I've read
as much as I can find about arrays of objects in this book and on the internet. I'm not sure
where to go for this information.


Monday 3/31/14 6-8PM

Tried putting the cards into a list tonight to see if we could get to them by index. When that
didn't work I tried changing the enums to be strings, since it continues to say that we cannot
reach the Cards because they are not strings. That didn't work. We're planning on asking for
help pretty soon because we haven't gotten anywhere yet.

Tuesday 4/1/14 2:10-2:15PM

Ribler showed us what our problem was with declaring the array of cards too many times! We are
saved. 

Wednesday 4/2/14 5:30-6:30

Saved the fix that Ribler showed us yesterday. Wrote the overriding bracket operator for the
Deck class. Fixed the shuffle function that had already been written so that it compiled, and 
during that figured out how to use the random number generator in C#. That should come in handy.

Thursday 4/3/14 10-11AM

Added a testing function for printing out a full deck, rather than just a card. Tried to run 
the program and even though the tests were passing the program was breaking. It seems that the
deck of cards is still not filling correctly and when it tries to put the first card in, the deck
is pointing at null and it breaks. 

same day 11AM

Met with Dr. Ribler, and he wants us to break up the story about creating the visual stuff into
multiple stories. He also thinks we should create visual cards and decks as we write the code for
them. We plan on meeting later tonight to start this.

same day 1:30-2:30PM

Dr. Ribler showed Hannah and I how to work a little bit with the UI for Solitaire. We also realized
that our shuffle function might be replacing cards we don't want it to, so we need to put the
swap function back in. We also wrote a couple stories that he had asked us to, but we need to 
finish changing some tasks into their own stories.

Sunday 4/6/14 12:45-3PM

Today we worked on the playing board and the card instance visuals. We made tests for and implemented
these visual objects, but then IntelliSense stopped working and we were having difficulty coding
because we couldn't figure out which methods we could use. We also updated everything on gitHub,
and created new directories for our visual code and our non-visual code. 

Tuesday 4/8/14 1-2:15PM

Worked on testing the stock pile, created tests for the foundation place holders, and then created the
foundation place holders. 


Thursday 4/10/14 3:30-4:45

Worked on displaying the stock pile and foundation piles today. We started a "design talk" like the one
that Dr.Ribler showed us in class today. We will probably need to wait until the next lecture before
we fully understand what the "controller" does. 

Wednesday 4/16/14 9:30-11:15PM

Wrote a few tests and functions for deck, but they may need some work. We need them in order to work
with the cards going from the deck to the tableau. Still working on an idea for the "interface" for 
the whole project.

Thursday 4/17/14 1:50-2:15

We drew up a model-view controller diagram and had it approved by Dr.Ribler. We then put it on the computer 
to submit it here on github with the rest of our work so we can keep track of it.

Tuesday April 22nd 10AM-12:15PM

Implemented a few interfaces that we may need to test the deal function. Worked on shuffle for the deck. 
Added tableau piles class and began testing and creating the tableau piles.

same day 7-8:45PM

Tried to create a SolitaireModel class and ISolitaireModel interface so we could test the dealing of the
cards with the interface. We also tried to combine the non-visual code with the visual code. We're running
into a few hiccups, but we'll continue trying tomorrow.

Thursday April 24th 1-2:15PM

We decided to refactor the name of our namespaces today, and a few of the class and interface names. We had some
trouble at some points because we thought we lost the designer, but Ribler helped us find it, and then
we got everything back on track. He set us up with a new pivotal tracker, but we couldn't get all the
stories to import, but most are there, so we need to replace the ones we lost.

Sunday April 27th 12-2PM

Hannah created a new gitHub repository and we got all our stuff transferred for the most part. Spent some time
to get everything over successfuly. Updated pivotal tracker with some of our stories that had been lost in the last
move. Worked on the deal function.

Monday April 28th 10PM-12AM

We worked on the deal function. We wrote tests for the tableau piles that we could use for the deal function. We 
wrote tests for deal function and then wrote the deal function unsuccessfully so far. We're still working on it. 
